Toyota yari you want a hand install the
Clipper 3105 X gonna go ahead and show
you how they are long works I'm going to
go ahead on the alarm gate one beat one
chirp is on the alarm around okay I'm
gonna head and disarm it here two beeps
us off and lock the doors
okay basically they are long were uh you
know anybody walks up open any of the
doors and try to blow out the window the
alarm will fire off let me go ahead and
shut off the alarm when you shut off the
alarm it keeps your doors locked
if anybody hiding in the bushes they
can't get in until you hit it for the
second time then it gives you four chirp
like you know that there are long run
off while you're away from the car
normally you should hear two beats when
you turn off the alarm if you having
here for that means that somebody
triggered the alarm the minute you get
in and start the car and close the door
and then it will go to two beats on your
next trip one beep is always on two is
off if you ever get four chirp that
means they alone went off while you were
weak basically if somebody opens the
door the alarm will trip trigger of
course and the car won't start it has to
start a kill I'm gonna go ahead and open
the door off turn a key all the win
ignition there's a cool start for you if
you can turn the key in ignition you've
just won a quick tap that would disable
the alarm and allow you to stop the car
so basically when the alarm fires off
the car won't start in the event that
the remote controls go back turn the key
in ignition give this a quick tap and
that will disable it along but you have
to have the heat all the way ignition
away that the alarm knows are you the
owner of the vehicle and when you turn
that key you have about one second to
press that button you can't take any
longer than that and then of course we
always hook up the truck you know
that way if anybody breaks in back here
the alarm fire off this isn't a tree or
a yachty this alone what's in store here
Miami Florida by audible aren't
specialist thank you for watching you
this video